rel: Prepare v2.6.1 release (#1209)
honeycombio/refinery: RELEASE_NOTES.md

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 2.6.1

> This is a bug fix release for in the newly introduced log handling logic where it would consider log events as root spans in a trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a bug fix release. 
In the log handling logic newly introduced in v2.6.0, Refinery would incorrectly consider log events to be root spans in a trace.
After this fix, log events can never be root spans.
```
